Adding Pushmix Channel (#47)
laravel-notification-channels/channels: README.md

> # Pushmix notifications channel for Laravel 5.3+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Pushmix notifications channel for Laravel 5.5+ & 6.x
```

> This package makes it easy to send [Pushmix notifications](https://www.pushmix.co.uk/docs/laravel-notification-channel) with Laravel 5.3+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package makes it easy to send [Pushmix notifications](https://www.pushmix.co.uk/docs/laravel-notification-channel) with Laravel 5.5+ & 6.x.
```

## Contents

- [Setting up your Pushmix account](#setting-up-your-pushmix-account)
- [Installation](#installation)
	- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Usage](#usage)
	- [Available Message methods](#all-available-methods)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Security](#security)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Setting up your Pushmix account

If you haven't already, sign up for a free account on [pushmix.co.uk](https://dash.pushmix.co.uk/register).

[Create new subscription](https://www.pushmix.co.uk/docs/create-subscription) for your website and choose preferred [integration method](https://www.pushmix.co.uk/docs/installation). Build your subscribers audience via displaying an Opt-in Prompt and asking users for permission to send them push notifications.

## Installation

You can install the package via composer:

```bash
$ composer require laravel-notification-channels/pushmix
```

> If you're installing the package in Laravel 5.4 or lower, you must import the service provider:

Reviewer: remove this, since < 5.4 is not supported
